---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "appstream Provider"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# appstream Provider





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- **region** (String) Region

### Optional

- **access_key** (String) Access key id
- **assume_role** (Block Set, Max: 1) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--assume_role))
- **profile** (String) The profile for API operations. If not set, the default profile
created with `aws configure` will be used.
- **secret_key** (String) Secret key id
- **shared_credentials_file** (String) The path to the shared credentials file. If not set
this defaults to ~/.aws/credentials.
- **token** (String) Security token

<a id="nestedblock--assume_role"></a>
### Nested Schema for `assume_role`

Optional:

- **duration_seconds** (Number) The duration, in seconds, of the role session. The value specified can can range from 900 seconds (15 minutes) up to the maximum session duration that is set for the role. The maximum session duration setting can have a value from 1 hour to 12 hours. If you specify a value higher than this setting, the operation fails. For example, if you specify a session duration of 12 hours, but your administrator set the maximum  session duration to 6 hours, your operation fails.
- **external_id** (String) The external ID to use when assuming the role. If omitted, no external ID is passed to the AssumeRole call.
- **policy** (String) The permissions applied when assuming a role. You cannot use, this policy to grant further permissions that are in excess to those of the,  role that is being assumed.
- **role_arn** (String) The ARN of an IAM role to assume prior to making API calls.
- **session_name** (String) The session name to use when assuming the role. If omitted, no session name is passed to the AssumeRole call.
